== INTRDDUCTION

Seimtra is a web application system that creates an application structure with sinatra, sequel, slim. And it still integrates generated function as the ROR.


== INSTALLATION

  gem install seimtra


== USAGE


=== Step 01, Creating a project

  3s new myproject

So, we start to set the root routor in environment.rb. 
By default, the public/index.html will be realized the default page. 
You could uncomment the last three lines in envrionment, and remove the public/index.html.

Check the info of the project

  3s info

==== Note : Whatever you want to do something to this project, please enter to the root directory, then using your command line to it.


=== Step 02, Creating a module

This is modular structure application that consist of some variety of modules.
It divides all function into each module. So, whatever we want to do something, we need to
create a new module in order to collect the same application.

For example, we need a menber administration for the new project, so we do this.

  3s m new users

we create a module called *users*,  then check the info about this module.

  3s m info

or

  3s m info users

==== Note : the 3s will set the default module by new module name to config file after you create a new module. we can see the config item ***module_focus*** after command ***3s info***

And setting the module info with,

  3s m info email:myemail@example.com author:yourname

See the module how many is in current project,

  3s m list


=== Step 03, about the database

We will not teach you how to create a database, but the connected approach about the mysql, postgresql, sqlite that be wrote to file environment.rb.
More details please see the document of [Sequel](http://sequel.rubyforge.org/documentation.html).

Now, we reseach the ***3s db*** command.
See the db info

  3s db -o
  3s db -o --details

Create a migration record.

  3s db create users String:username String:password String:salt -a

the option ***-a*** will auto adds the ***primary id***, ***changed time***, and ***created time***.
You can fix this migration file before running to the database.

  3s db -r

==== Note : anything about the migration record file please see the sequel.
